Remove sentry references excluding helm charts (#14)
PolymathNetwork/polymesh-tools: docs/operator/README.md

### Stash Key

This is the account which holds the POLYX that has been bonded and optionally where the operator rewards
are sent. This should be a cold wallet, never attached to the operator node.

## Network Architecture

> The recommended secure operator setup for `itn` consists of the following:

Reviewer: Stylist/Marketing nit pick: Is it ITN or itn?

* A firewalled (both ingress and egress) active [operator node](#glossary) with configured session keys
* A [warm spare operator node](#glossary) configured like an operator node but **without** session keys

> A *minimum* recommended `testnet` setup would include just a single one operator node.

Reviewer: a single one -> a single OR one

> It is possible to limit the operator node to connecting to just a set of other trusted nodes via the `--reserved-only` and `--reserved-nodes` flags if you need to limit the operators connectivity to the public internet.

Reviewer: Albeit it's fine to include this here, it seems a bit extraneous to me. There are a bunch of flags we support and users can do `--help` to get details about them.

    NTP server.
  * **Port 443 egress (HTTPS)** (optional but recommended): Used to send basic telemetry
    to Polymath servers.
* Operator nodes:

>   * **Libp2p ingress/egress**: Operator nodes should be able to send and receive p2p events from WAN or a trustedset

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Libp2p ingress/egress**: Operator nodes should be able to send and receive p2p events from WAN or a trusted set
```

## Node Resource Requirements

> The following resources should be allocated to each Polymesh non-operator and operator node:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following resources should be allocated to each Polymesh node:
```

* `--pruning archive`: Ensure that the node maintains a full copy of the blockchain
* `--chain itn`: Run an ITN node. If this parameter is excluded, the default is to connect to the Alcyone network
* `--wasm-execution compiled`: Use compiled wasm to improve performance
* `--base-path <path>` (optional): Specify where Polymesh will look for its DB files and keystore
* `--db-cache <cache size in MiB>` (optional):  Improve the performance of the polymesh process by increasing its
  in-memory cache above the default `128` MiB.  On a node with 8GB RAM available a reasonable value is in the
  ballpark of `4096`.

Note - the `<name>` parameter above will be publicly visible when sending telemetry to Polymath's servers is enabled (on by default).

## Running an Operator Node

To run an operator node you will need to use the following options in additon to
the [common parameters](#common-parameters-for-running-a-polymesh-node):

* `--operator`: Enable the operator flag on the node.

If you wish to connect to just a trusted set of other nodes, you can use the below flags to control this:

* `--reserved-only`: Only connect to reserved peers.

> * `--reserved-nodes` (conditionally optional - see notes): This parameter takes a space separated list of libp2p peer addresses

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `--reserved-nodes`: This parameter takes a space separated list of libp2p peer addresses
```

>   in the form of `/ip4/<SENTRY_IP_ADDRESS>/tcp/30333/p2p/<SENTRY_NODE_IDENTITY>` or `/dns4/<SENTRY_RESOLVABLE_HOSTNAME>/tcp/30333/p2p/<SENTRY_NODE_IDENTITY>` to which the operator node will connect.  If left out then the peers must be provided via the `system_addReservedPeer` RPC method.  Failure to provide peers via either this parameter or the RPC method will cause the operator node to remain disconnected from the chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  in the form of `/ip4/<PEER_IP_ADDRESS>/tcp/30333/p2p/<PEER_ID>` or `/dns4/<PEER_RESOLVABLE_HOSTNAME>/tcp/30333/p2p/<PEER_ID>` to which the operator node will connect.  If left out then the peers must be provided via the `system_addReservedPeer` RPC method.  Failure to provide peers via either this parameter or the RPC method will cause the node to remain disconnected from the chain.
```

| `polymesh_block_height{status="finalized"}` | Finalised block number | +/- 3 from rest of the network | The block number for the rest of the network should be fetched from an external source. |
| `polymesh_block_height{status="best"}` | Best block time | 6s +/- 2s | The block time is the difference between the best block timestamps.  The ideal mean time is 6 seconds, but some jitter (less than 2s) is acceptable due to network latency |
| `polymesh_ready_transactions_number` | Transactions in ready queue | 0-150 | A healthy node should have zero or near-zero transactions in its ready queue.  A ready queue with a growing number of transactions can be an idicator of excessive node latency |

> | `polymesh_sub_libp2p_peers_count` | Number of peers | Number of other nodes for operators | An operator node should maintain connectivity to other operators and either the public internet or a subset of trusted peers |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `polymesh_sub_libp2p_peers_count` | Number of peers | Number of peers | Operator nodes that are well connected with other operator nodes will experience lower on-chain lag compared to operator nodes with a limited set of operator peers.  Operator nodes should be connected to all other operator nodes with a maximum of three hops (two intermediate nodes between operators). |
```

| Free disk space           | 30 GB+ or > 20% volume capacity | There should always be some free disk space for the Polymesh node to consume. |
| Free RAM                  | 1 GB+ | Spikes in RAM usage are acceptable but on average, there should be at least 1 GB of free RAM available on the system for the node to consume.|
| CPU usage                 | 5-50% (overall) | This is the overall CPU usage and not per core usage. Occasional spikes above 50% are acceptable but more cores should be added if the CPU usage continuously stays above 50%. |

> | Network connectivity      | <1% packet loss | Nodes should be online and reachable at all times. If they are being DDoS’d and can not respond to queries, new nodes should be deployed, or the operators connectivity limited to trusted nodes. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Network connectivity      | <1% packet loss | Nodes should be online and reachable at all times. If nodes are being DDoSed and cannot respond to queries then either new nodes should be deployed or connectivity should be limited to trusted nodes using firewall rules and the `--reserved-only` and `--reserved-nodes` parameters. |
```

Reviewer: I think we should drop the "<1% packet loss" since we do not have a direct way to collect that data. Instead, we can say something like ">0.1 mbps bandwidth". Basically, we just want to ensure that the nodes are able to talk to each other.

ps We need to revamp the full monitoring/alerting section anyway.
